Received: from 126.com ([221.216.57.169])
	by spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn (MIMEDefang) with ESMTP id j7LJjQvg031777
	for <xiao@ccert.edu.cn>; Wed, 24 Aug 2005 17:26:31 +0800 (CST)
Message-ID: <200508220345.j7LJjQvg031777@spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn>
From: zhu@126.com
Subject: =?gb2312?B?1PXR+bzTyOuw2bfW1q62/ralvLazybmmvuPA1rK/?=
To: xiao@ccert.edu.cn
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="GB2312"
Reply-To: zhu@126.com
Date: Wed, 24 Aug 2005 17:37:01 +0800
X-Priority: 2
X-Mailer: FoxMail 4.0 beta 2 [cn]

加入 百分之二 俱乐部
Join   the   2   percent   Club

想要 加入 百分之二 俱乐部 是 必须 具备 一些 条件 的 ：
Here   are   the   requirements   for   membership   in   the   2   Percent   Club . Only   you   will   measure   your   success   in   meeting   them .

1 ． 调整 你 自己 以期 能 配合 他人 的 思想 和 特性 ， 观察 狗儿   如何 快速 地 调适 自己 ， 以 配合 主人 的 情绪 ， 并 学习 它们 的 自我 控制能力 。
Adjust   yourself   to   other   people ' s   states   of   mind   and   peculiarities   so   that   you   can   get   along   peacefully   with   them . Observe   a   dog , and   learn   the   art   of   self - control   by   watch   how   quickly   it   adjusts   itself   to   its   master ' s   moods .

2 ． 不要 计较 你 和 他 人间 微不足道 的 一些 小事 ； 不要 让 这   种 小事 变成 争议 ， 大人物 从不 计较 不 重要 的 事情 。
Ignore   trivial   circumstances   in   your   relations   with   others , do   not   let   them   become   controversies . Big   people   kook   past   small   slights .

3 ． 每天 应 做 的 第一件 事 ， 就是 运用 建立 积极 心态 的 技巧   控制 你 的 思绪 ， 并且 整天 都 要 保持 积极 心态 。
Establish   control   of   your   mind   at   the   start   of   each   day , using   the   techniques   for   building   a   positive   mental   attitude . Maintain   that   attitude   throughout   the   day .

4 ． 学习 间接 推销 自己 的 方法 ， 要 运用 说服 和 楷模 的 方   法 ， 而 不要 强迫 推销 。
Learn   the   art   of   selling   yourself   indirectly , by   persuasion   and   example   rather   than   by   the   hard   sell .

5 ． 以 诚挚 的 笑声 纤解 愤怒 的 情绪 。
Develop   a   hearty   laugh   as   a   means   to   release   anger .

6 ． 分析 你 所 失败 的 事例 ， 并 找出 失败 的 原因 ， 在 不如意   时应 寻求 等值 的 正面 回报 。
Analyze   all   your   setbacks   and   determine   their   causes . Discover   the   seed   of   equivalent   benefit   in   each   circumstance .

7 ． 把 注意力 放在 “ 办 得到 ” 的 层面 上 ， 除非 你 真的 面临   “ 办不到 ” 的 事实 ， 否则 根本 别去 担心 这个 问题 。 “ 办 得到 ” 的   心态 ， 在此之前 就 已经 指引 你 迈向 成功 的 途径 。
Concentrate   your   mind   on   the   can - do   portion   of   the   tasks   you   face . Don ' t   worry   about   the   cannot - do   portion   unless   and   until   you   meet   it   face - to - face . By   that   time   the   can - do   portion   will   have   shown   you   the   way   to   success .

8 ． 将 所有 逆境 转划 顺境 ， 并 使 它 成为 一种 自动自发 的 习惯 。 果真如此 ， 你 就 会 尝到 更 多 成功 的 果实 。
Turn   all   unpleasant   circumstances   into   opportunities   for   positive   action . Make   this   an   automatic   habit , and   your   success   will   multiply .

9 ． 记住 ， 人 是 不 可能 永远 成功 的 。 当 你 无法 完全 得到 你   想要 得到 的 东西 时 ， 应先 对 自己 做 更 多 的 了解 ， 以期 自己 收获   更丰 。
Remember   that   no   one   can   win   all   of   the   time , no   matter   how   much   he   deserves   it . When   you   do   not   get   exactly   what   you   wanted   maximize   your   gain   by   increasing   your   understanding   of   yourself .

10 ． 把 生命 看成 是 不断 学习 的 过程 ， 即使 是 不好 的 经验   也 具有 正面 的 学习 意义 。
Look   on   life   as   a   continuing   learning   process , and   even   bad   experiences   will   become   good   ones .

11 ． 记住 ， 你 表现 出来 的 思想 将会 加倍 回馈 到 你 的 身上 ，   故 必须 控制 你 的 思想 并 确定 ， 你 所 表现 出来 的 就是 你 希望 从 它 那里 得到 回馈 的 思想 。
Remember   that   every   thought   you   release   comes   back   to   you   multiplied   in   its   effect . Monitor   your   thoughts , and   make   sure   you   send   out   only   those   whose   fruits   you   are   willing   to   receive .

12 ． 要 和 消极 心态 断绝来往 ， 这种 心态 只会 侵蚀 你 的 心灵 ， 并且 摧毁 你 所 采取 的 每 一步 行动 。
Avoid   associates   with   negative   mental   attitudes . Their   attitudes   will   rub   off   on   you   and   poison   every   effort   you   engage   in .

13 ． 要 了解 你 个性 中 的 二元 性 ， 你 具备 “ 充分 确信 ” 的 积极 面 ， 同时 具备 “ 完全 不 相信 ” 的 消极面 ， 务必 实践 第一种 个   性 ， 而 第二种 个性 将会 自动 消减 。
Be   aware   of   the   dual   nature   of   your   personality . You   have   a   side   with   a   great   capacity   for   belief   and   a   negative   side   with   an   equal   capacity   for   disbelief . Exercise   the   first , and   the   second   will   wither   away .

14 ． 当 你 因为 察觉到 自己 拥有 你 在 祈祷 词中 所 祈求 的 东西 ， 而 感到 充满 自信 时 ， 就是 在 认同 祈祷 为 你 带来 的 最大 好处 ， 但 这种 认知 的 过程 ， 需要 最高 层次 的 积极 心态 。
Recognize   that   prayer   brings   the   best   results   when   you   have   sufficient   faith   to   see   yourself   already   in   possession   of   the   things   you   are   praying   for . This   calls   for   a   positive   mental   attitude   of   the   highest   order .

从 以上 的 说明 中 ， 你 可 看出 积极 心态 是 多么 地 强化 诸多   和 个人 成就 息息相关 的 原则 。 你 必须 订定 明确 目标 ， 将 信心   运用 到 这些 目标 上 ， 并且 以 积极 心态 为 基础 ， 展现 你 的 个人 进   取心 。 以下 二章 将 告诉 你 更 多 维系 积极 心态 的 原则 。 成功 是   一种 复杂 的 有机 过程 ， 当 你 能 奉行 其中 的 一项 原则 时 ， 就 能 继   续 奉行 其他 原则 。
You   can   see   how   a   positive   mental   attitude   relies   upon   and   reinforces   so   many   of   the   principles   crucial   to   personal   achievement .   You   need   a   definite   major   purpose , applied   faith   in   that   purpose , and   the   personal   initiative   to   act   in   ways   that   express   your   PMA . The   next   two   chapters   will   teach   you   more   principles   that   both   support   and   sustain   your   PMA . The   cultivation   of   success   is   a   complex , organic   process ; whenever   you   advance   in   acting   on   one   of   its   tenets ,   you   advance   in   others .


更 多 成功 讯息 ， 请 登录 www . quixtar . bj . cn

