Received: from bscchina.com ([221.217.185.14])
	by spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn (MIMEDefang) with ESMTP id j84EVILS011071
	for <xing@ccert.edu.cn>; Sun, 4 Sep 2005 21:37:45 +0800 (CST)
Message-ID: <200509042231.j84EVILS011071@spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn>
From: =?GB2312?B?1tDO99bHw8s=?= <long@bscchina.com>
Subject: =?gb2312?B?1tDDwMa9uuK8xrfWv6i/qrei0+vKtcqpuN+8tsXg0bWw4NH7xPqyzrzT?=
To: xing@ccert.edu.cn
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="GB2312"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: long@bscchina.com
Date: Sun, 4 Sep 2005 21:45:14 +0800
X-Priority: 3
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106


平衡 计分卡 理论 已经 得到 绝大多数 企业 的 认同 ， 越来越 多 的 企业 更 希望 导入 平衡 计分卡 体系 ， 使 其 为 自己 的 企业 创造 价值 。 但 如何 开发 高质量 、 及 成功 实施 平衡 计分卡 仍 是 普遍 的 难题   ， 中国 平衡 计分卡 的 知名 研究 与 推广 机构 ― ― 北京 中西 智盟 企业 管理 顾问 有限公司 ， 与 美国 著名 平衡 计分卡 研究 机构 " 平衡 计分卡 研究院 " 联合推出

中 美 平衡 计分卡 开发 与 实施 高级 培训班


课程 特色 ：

高度 互动 ： 通过 经验 介绍 、 案例 研讨 、 操作 练习 、 学员 分享 ， 等 互动式 培训 方式 ， 使 学员 充分 参与 ， " 做而学 " 。
实战经验 ： 授课 顾问 具有 丰富 的 平衡 计分卡 实施 与 培训 经验 ，
可操作性 ： 通过培训 ， 学员 不仅 可以 掌握 开发 的 方法 和 工具 ， 而且 对 实施 计分卡 过程 中 可能 遇到 的 问题 和 解决 方法 和 清醒 的 认识 。
国际 领先 ： 本 课程 在 美国 注册 ， 已 在 美国 、 英国 、 加拿大 、 等 全球 十几个 国家 普及 推广 。


课程 简介 ：

本 课程 由 美国 平衡 计分卡 研究所 开发 ， 采用 互动式 教学 ，   包括 讲解 、 教训 、 应用 实例 、 案例 分析 、 软件 演示 、 绩效 计分卡 管理工具 、 顾问 经验 分享 等 。
The   course   is   taught   in   an   interactive   manner ,   using   lectures ,   lessons   learned ,   practical   examples ,   case   studies   and   shared   participant   experiences .

课程目标 ：   学习 如何 建立 、 实施 和 通过 平衡 计分卡 绩效 管理系统 实施 管理 ， 帮助 学员 开发 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 所 必需 的 团队 技能 和 知识 。
The   goals   of   the   course   are   to :   learn   how   to   build ,   implement   and   manage   with   a   balanced   scorecard   performance   management   system ,   and   help   participants   develop   necessary   critical   thinking   and   team   development   skills   and   knowledge   to   implement   a   scorecard   system   in   their   organizations .

本 课程 为 时 三天 ， 第三天 将 从 问题 诊断 开始 ， 带领 学员 对 围绕 如何 开发 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 进行 深入 仔细 的 讨论 。 学员 将 学会 如何 使用 九 步法 来 开发 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 。 本 方法 由 美国 平衡 计分卡 研究所 所长 Howard   Rohm 先生 开发 ， 并 在 美国 获奖 的 。 课程 基于 Kaplan   and   Norton 博士 的 平衡 计分卡 基本 理念 ， 以及 美国 、 斯堪 地纳维雅 、 加拿大 、 英国 和 其他 国家 开发 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 的 经验 。 本 课程 包括 一系列 绩效 管理工具 ， 模板 表格 等 ， 帮助 学员 掌握 开发 平衡 计分卡 每个 步骤 。 课程 还 将 通过 绩效 管理软件 演示 ， 计算机软件 如何 帮助 企业 快速 建立 平衡 计分卡 、 收集 和 汇报 绩效 信息 。
This   course   is   taught   as   a   three - day   course ,   the   third   day   being   a   " working   clinic "   for   more   detailed   discussions   around   building   and   implementing   a   BSC .   Participants   will   learn   how   to   build   a   scorecard   strategic   management   system   using   the   award - wining   nine - step   methodology   developed   by   Howard   Rohm ,   Executive   Director   of   the   Balanced   Scorecard   Institute   ( USA ) .   The   methodology   was   developed   based   on   the   academic   writings   of   Drs .   Kaplan   and   Norton ,   authors   of   the   original   balanced   scorecard   framework ,   and   other   actual   scorecard   implementations   in   the   U . S . ,   Scandinavia ,   Canada ,   the   UK ,   and   other   countries .   Included   with   the   course   is   a   Performance   Scorecard   Toolkit ? ,   containing   templates   and   worksheets   to   help   users   build   their   scorecard ,   one   step   at   a   time .   The   toolkit   contains   worksheets   for   each   step   of   the   methodology .

不论是 私营 ， 还是 公共 机构 ， 你 都 能 学会 如何 开发 和 建立 平衡 计分卡 战略 管理体系 。 本 课程 包括 个人化 的 工作坊 ， 使 您 能 着手 为 自己 的 组织 开发 一个 计分卡 。
This   course   shows   how   to   build   and   implement   a   balanced   scorecard   strategic   management   system   for   your   organization ,   whether   public   or   private   sector .   It   includes   a   personalized   workshop   to   allow   you   to   get   started   in   developing   the   balanced   scorecard   for   your   own   organization .
通过培训 您 将 学会 ： You   Will   Learn :
· 	 平衡 计分卡 基本 理念 ， 及其 改善 组织 绩效 的 机理
· 	 Basic   concepts   of   the   balanced   scorecard   and   how   it   can   be   used   to   improve   organization   performance
· 	 如何 将 平衡 计分卡 应用 于 不同 类型 的 组织
· 	 How   the   balanced   scorecard   applies   to   different   types   of   organizations
· 	 如何 应用 我们 获奖 的 九 步法 开发 和 实施 平衡 计分卡
· 	 How   to   build   and   implement   a   balanced   scorecard   using   our   award - winning   nine - step   methodology
· 	 如何 开发 战略 、 战略 地图 、 及 监控 企业 战略 和 流程 关键 绩效 衡量
· 	 How   to   develop   Strategy   ProfilesTM ,   strategy   maps ,   and   key   performance   measures   for   monitoring   organization   strategy   and   processes
· 	 绩效 管理软件 如何 帮助 组织 将 数据 转化 为 绩效 信息
· 	 How   software   can   help   manage   your   organization ' s   data   and   turn   it   into   performance   information
· 	 如何 为 您 自己 的 组织 开发 平衡 计分卡
· 	 Begin   building   a   balanced   scorecard   for   your   organization
· 	 平衡 计分卡 如何 促进 基于 绩效 的 预算 管 员工 责任
· 	 How   a   scorecard   system   can   drive   a   performance - based   budget   and   employee   accountability .




学员 为 自己 的 组织 建议 战略 图
Participants   develop   a   strategy   map   for   their   own   organization .

手把手 培训 ：

通过 案例 研讨 和 一系列 的 小组 互动 练习 ， 学员 将 学会 将 平衡 计分卡 运用 于 你 的 项目 / 组织 之中 。 本 课程 包括 如下 练习 ： Through   case   studies   and   a   series   of   interactive   small - group   workshops ,   you   will   apply   the   balanced   scorecard   concepts   to   your   own   current   project   and   organization .   Exercises   performed   throughout   this   course   include :
· 	 私营 机构 和 公共 机构 案例 研讨
· 	 Case   studies   of   private   sector   and   public   sector   organizations
· 	 运用 组织 评估 建立 远景 、 使命 和 战略
· 	 Use   an   organizational   assessment   to   set   vision ,   mission ,   and   strategy
· 	 开发 组织 的 战略 主题 和 评估 层面
· 	 Develop   your   organization ' s   strategic   themes   and   perspectives
· 	 从 战略 和 战略 地图 生成 目标 ， 以及 从 战略目标 生成 绩效 驱动器
· 	 Use   Strategy   ProfilesTM   and   strategy   maps   to   derive   objectives   and   performance   drivers   from   strategic   goals
· 	 开发 与 战略 图 相关联 的 绩效 衡量
· 	 Derive   performance   measures   aligned   to   your   strategy   map
· 	 开发新 的 战略 执行 行动
· 	 Develop   new   initiatives   to   execute   strategy
· 	 建立 使命 和 愿景 与 绩效 的 联系
· 	 Align   mission   and   vision   with   performance
· 	 定义 需求 ， 选择 适合 的 软件
· 	 Define   requirements   and   select   appropriate   software
· 	 平衡 计分卡 的 实施 、 预算 和 时间表
· 	 Scorecard   deployment ,   budget   and   time   scheduling


课程 好处 ：

您 将 理解 平衡 计分卡 的 关键 理念 ， 以及 为什么 平衡 计分卡 被 公司 和 政府部门 如此 关注 。 基于 哈佛大学 的 绩效 管理 理论 和 我们 在 国际 上 实施 平衡 计分卡 的 经验 ， 您 将 学会 用 系统 的 九 步法 来 建立 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 。   每 一个 步骤 ， 我们 都 为 您 配置 了 相应 的 开发工具 和 表格 。
You   will   understand   the   key   concepts   of   the   balanced   scorecard ,   and   why   it   is   gaining   so   much   attention   in   corporate   and   governmental   organizations .   You   will   learn   a   systematic ,   nine - step   methodology   for   building   and   implementing   the   balanced   scorecard ,   based   on   the   performance   management   theory   developed   at   Harvard   University   and   our   international   balanced   scorecard   consulting   experience .   You   will   receive   a   Performance   ToolkitTM   with   worksheets   for   each   step   of   the   methodology .
软件 是 有效 实施 平衡 计分卡 的 保证 。 我们 将 向 您 展示 ， 软件 在 帮助 您 建立 平衡 计分卡 、 战略性 信息 收集 和 处理 方面 的 作用 。 您 将 同时 学习 平衡 计分卡 战略 管理 方面 的 挑战 和 陷阱 ， 以及 相应 的 应对 手段 。
Performance   measurement   software   will   be   demonstrated   to   show   how   you   can   use   software   to   assist   in   setting   up   scorecards ,   and   in   collecting   and   reporting   strategic   information .   You   will   also   learn   about   some   of   the   challenges   and   pitfalls   of   strategic   management ,   and   how   to   deal   with   them .

谁 应该 参加 Who   Should   Attend

本 课程 建议 公司 执行层 、 经理 、 规划 和 分析 人员 等 寻求 改善 企业 绩效 的 实用 方法 者 。
This   course   is   recommended   for   executives ,   managers ,   planners   and   analysts   who   are   seeking   the   best   practical   ideas   in   improving   organizational   performance .

培训 时间 ： 2005 年 9 月 28 、 29 、 30 日

培训 费用 ： 人民币 11800 元 / 人 （ 包括 授课 费 、 教材 、 午餐 等 ， 5 人 以上 或 团体 报名 可 享受 五折 优惠 ）
同时 欢迎 有 意向 导入 内训 的 企业 ， 来电来函 咨询 和 洽谈

培训 顾问 Instructor


Gerald   Turner 博士 是 一位 专业 顾问 ， 是 希望 通过 实施 " 战略性 企业 绩效 管理 "   （ Strategic   Enterprise   Performance   ManagementSM 确     ） 实现 主营业务 转型 的 组织 执行 领导 团队 教练 。 SEPM 是 取得 预期 结果 和 实现 战略 的 组织变革 领导 模型 。 Turner 是 一位 经验丰富 的 专家 ， 曾 任职 多种 岗位 ， 不仅 具有 行业 知识 ， 而且 具有 敏锐 的 流程 意识 。 能够 通过 有效 的 战略规划 、 计划 执行 和 布置 、 出色 运营 和 绩效 管理 来 实施 组织变革 。 他 通过 对 领导 团队 的 密切合作 进行 战略 开发 和 实施 ， 实现 组织 期望 的 、 可 持续 发展 的 目标 。 他同 客户 一起 ， 使 战略目标 和 组织 资源 、 内部 流程 相结合 ， 通过 技术手段 在 整个 组织 内 建立 一套 绩效 衡量 和 管理系统 。

他 所 采用 的 工具 包括 平衡 计分卡 、 系统 思维 法 、 绩效 棱柱 、 业务 整合法 、 六西格玛 、 最佳 业务 模型 、 康吉 、 精益 生产 、 全面 质量 管理 、 ISO - 9001 - 2002 、 麦肯   鲍德里 奇 、 最佳 业务 结构 等 。 他 曾 担任 的 职务 包括 技术 总监 、 TQM 总监 、 首席 系统 工程师 、 项目 总监 、 运营 副总裁 、 CEO 、 COO 以及 执行 管理 顾问 ， 责任 不断 增加 。 他 的 国际 咨询 经验 包括 ： 凯捷 （ Cap   Gemini ） ,   安永 （ Ernst   &   Young ） 和 埃森哲   （ Accenture ） 。 他 最近 在 从事 国内 和 国际 兼并 中 业务 转型 和 变革 进展 的 研究 ， 包括 欧洲 、 中东 、 南美 、 亚洲 、 环 太平洋地区 、 美国 、 墨西哥 和 加拿大 。

Turner 博士 获得 电子 电气 学 学士学位 、 机械 工程学 学士学位 ； 互联网 系统工程 硕士 和 系统管理 EMBA ， 以及 营运 战略 与 管理 博士学位 。 现任 得克萨斯大学 达拉斯 学 MBA 特邀 讲师 ， 主讲 战略性 项目管理 。 他 同时 还是 认证 工程师 和 认证 项目经理 。

Gerald   Turner   is   a   professional   consultant ,   advisor   and   coach   to   executive   leadership   teams   in   organizations   that   want   to   initiate   major   business   transformation   through   Strategic   Enterprise   Performance   ManagementSM   -   the   organizational   change   leadership   model   for   results   attainment   and   strategy   realization .   He   is   a   seasoned   professional   who   has   " been   there ,   done   that "   and   has   both   the   business   industry   expertise   and   process   acumen   to   deliver   organizational   change   through   effective   strategic   planning ,   plan   execution   and   deployment ,   operational   excellence   and   performance   management .   He   delivers   sustainable   results   by   working   closely   with   leadership   teams   to   develop   and   execute   strategies   toward   realization   of   the   desired   future   state .   He   then   partners   with   customers   to   align   strategic   objectives   with   organizational   resources ,   internal   processes   and   enabling   technologies   to   implement   an   enterprise - wide   performance   measurement   and   management   system .
Tools   of   his   trade   include   Balanced   Scorecard ,   Systems   Thinking   ApproachSM ,   Performance   Prism ,   Business   Integration   Methodology ,   Six   Sigma ,   Business   Excellence   Model ,   Kaizen ,   Lean   Manufacturing ,   TQM ,   ISO - 9001 : 2002 ,   Malcolm   Baldrige ,   Business   Excellence   ArchitectureSM ,   etc .   He   has   held   positions   of   increasing   responsibility   including   technology   director ,   TQM   director ,   chief   systems   engineer ,   program   director ,   VP   of   operations ,   CEO ,   COO   and   executive   management   consultant .   His   experience   within   global   management   consulting   includes   Cap   Gemini ,   Ernst   &   Young ,   and   Accenture .   His   most   recent   engagements   have   included   development   of   state - of - the - art   organizational   transformation   and   change   programs   for   major   domestic   and   international   customers   in   emerging   global   markets   including   Europe ,   Middle   East ,   South   America ,   Asia ,   Pacific   Rim ,   United   States ,   Mexico   and   Canada .
Dr .   Turner   earned   BSEE   and   BSME   degrees ,   an   MSIE   in   Industrial   Systems   Engineering ,   an   Executive   MBA   in   Systems   Management ,   and   a   Ph . D .   in   Operations   Strategy   and   Management .   He   is   presently   a   guest   lecturer   in   the   MBA   program   at   the   University   of   Texas   at   Dallas   in   the   area   of   Strategic   Program - Project   Management .   He   is   also   a   Registered   Professional   Engineer   ( PE )   and   Certified   Program   Manager   ( CPM ) .

课程 安排 ：

第一天
DAY   ONE
模块 一 ： 课程 简介
（ 目标 ：   平衡 计分卡 的 概念 与 起源 ， 课程 总揽 ; 案例 介绍 ; 学员 介绍 ; 参考资料 讨论   ）

· 	 课程 介绍 、 对 课程 的 期望 、 学员
· 	 Introductions ,   expectations ,   and   participant   knowledge
· 	 课程目标
· 	 Workshop   objectives
· 	 平衡 计分卡 的 基本 理念 和 起源
· 	 Basic   Balanced   Scorecard   concept   and   origin
· 	 课程 安排 、 课程 流程
· 	 Agenda ,   schedule ,   and   workshop   logistics
· 	 团队 工作 练习 描述 ： 任务 分派
· 	 Description   of   " Teamwork "   exercises
· 	 课堂 举例 与 案例 简介
· 	 Introduction   to   the   examples ,   case   studies
· 	 绩效 管理软件 简介
· 	 Intro   to   Performance   Management   software
· 	 绩效 管理 计分卡 工具
· 	 Performance   Scorecard   Toolkit ?
模块 二 .   平衡 计分卡 总体 框架   Overview   of   the   Balanced   Scorecard   ( BSC )   Framework
（ 目标 ： 理解 衡量 与 战略 管理体系 的 演变 ； 统一 常用词 的 定义 ； 理解 为什么 要 采用 平衡 计分卡 ； 认识 建立 平衡 计分卡 的 六个 步骤 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 的 三个 步骤 ； 能够 描述 什么 是 平衡 计分卡 系统 及 什么 不是 平衡 计分卡 系统 ； 认识 可能 需要 克服 的 挑战 ； 讨论 一个 成功 的 系统 的 指标 ； 讨论 平衡 计分卡 的 项目 周期 ； 对比 不同 机构 平衡 计分卡 的 异同 ； 讨论 典型 的 平衡 计分卡 开发 流程
Objectives :   Understand   the   evolution   of   measurement   and   strategic   management   systems ;   define   common   terms ;   Learn   the   reasons   for   adopting   a   balanced   scorecard   system ;   identify   the   six   steps   needed   to   build   a   scorecard   system   and   the   three   steps   needed   to   implement   these   systems ;   describe   what   a   scorecard   system   is   and   is   not ;     identify   challenges   that   need   to   be   overcome ;   discuss   indicators   of   successful   systems ;   discuss   time   periods   for   a   scorecard   project ;   contrast   the   differences   and   similarities   in   scorecard   systems   for   different   organizations ;   discuss   a   typical   BSC   development   cycle . ）

案例 研讨 ： 美国 北卡罗 莱 那州 夏洛特 市 如何 实施 平衡 计分卡
CASE   STUDY   REVIEW :   CITY   OF   CHARLOTTE ,   NORTH   CAROLINA   ( USA ) ,   BALANCED   SCORECARD

· 	 绩效 衡量 与 管理 简介
· 	 Introduction   to   performance   measurement   and   management
· 	 平衡 计分卡 的 历史
· 	 The   History   of   the   Balanced   Scorecard
· 	 为什么 要 用 平衡 计分卡
· 	 Reasons   for   undertaking   a   Balanced   Scorecard   journey
· 	 制订 内部 及 外部 沟通 计划
· 	 Developing   an   internal   and   external   communication   plan
· 	 平衡 计分卡 与 其他 绩效 管理系统 对比
· 	 Comparisons   of   BSC   and   other   performance   management   systems
· 	 平衡 计分卡 与 其他 绩效 管理系统 相比 所 具备 的 优势
· 	 Advantages   of   using   BSC   performance   management   systems
· 	 私营 机构 和 公共 机构 平衡 计分卡 对比
· 	 Contrast   private   sector   and   public   agency   use   of   scorecards
· 	 平衡 计分卡 旨在 解决 的 主要 问题
· 	 Key   questions   the   BSC   seeks   to   answer
· 	 BSC 绩效 衡量 举例
· 	 Sample   BSC   performance   measures
· 	 建立 平衡 计分卡 战略性 绩效 管理体系 9 步法 介绍
· 	 The   BSCI   Nine - Step   methodology   for   building   and   implementing   a   balanced   scorecard   strategic   management   system
· 	 如何 面对 平衡 计分卡 开发 与 实施 过程 中 的 挑战
· 	 Meeting   the   challenges   of   developing   and   implementing   scorecard   systems
工作坊 ： 建立 平衡 计分卡 SMS ， 第一 部分
FACILITATED   GROUP   WORK :   BUILDING   A   BALANCED   SCORECARD   SMS   -   PART   I
模块 三 ： 如何 建立 平衡 计分卡 Module   III .   Building   the   Balanced   Scorecard
（ 目标 ： 认识 平衡 计分卡 建立 的 六个 步骤 - - 通过 组织 评估 建愿景 、 使命 和 战略 ， 定义 战略 主题 ， 选择 评估 层面 和 目标 ， 开发 战略 图 ， 定义 绩效 衡量 因素 ， 开发 起动 计划
Objectives :   Identify   the   six   building   steps   - -   Using   an   organization   assessment   to   set   vision ,   mission   and   strategy ,   Defining   strategic   themes ,   Choosing   perspectives   and   developing   objectives ,   Developing   a   Strategic   Map ,   Defining   performance   measures ,   Developing   Initiatives ）
案全 研究 ： 建立 与 实施 平衡 计分卡 战略 管理系统 （ BSCI ）
CASE   STUDY :   BUILDING   AND   IMPLEMENTING   A   BALANCED   SCORECARD   STRATEGIC   MANAGEMENT   SYSTEM   ( BSCI )

· 	 如何 通过 组织 评估 建愿景 、 使命 和 战略
· 	 Using   an   organizational   assessment   to   set   vision ,   mission ,   and   strategy
· 	 开发 组织 的 战略 主题 、 战略 和 层面
· 	 Developing   your   organization ' s   strategic   themes ,   strategies ,   and   perspectives
· 	 根据 战略目标 开发 短期 目标 和 驱动 因素
· 	 Developing   objectives   and   performance   drivers   from   strategic   goals
· 	 绘制 战略 地图 - 开发 目标 之间 的 因果关系
· 	 Strategic   mapping   -   developing   cause - effect   relationships   among   objectives
· 	 选择 绩效 衡量 ， 目标值 和 阈值
· 	 Choosing   performance   measures ,   targets ,   and   thresholds
· 	 开发 战略 活动 计划
· 	 Developing   strategic   initiatives

工作坊 ： 建立 平衡 计分卡 SMS - 第二 部分
FACILITATED   GROUP   WORK :   BUILDING   A   BALANCED   SCORECARD   SMS   - PART   II

第二天
DAY   TWO
模块 四 ： 如何 实施 平衡 计分卡 Module   IV .   Implementing   the   Balanced   Scorecard
（ 学习 目标 ： 认识 和 理解 三个 实施 步骤   - 绩效 信息 的 计算机化 与 沟通 ,   在 整个 组织 内 落实 计分卡 ； 利用 计分卡 信息 改善 绩效
Objectives :   Identify   and   understand   the   three   implementation   steps   -   Computerizing   and   communicating   performance   information ,   Cascading   the   scorecard   throughout   the   organization ,   and   using   scorecard   information   to   improve   performance ）

案例 研讨 ： 建立 与 实施 平衡 计分卡 战略 管理系统
CASE   STUDY :   BUILDING   AND   IMPLEMENTING   A   BALANCED   SCORECARD   STRATEGIC   MANAGEMENT   SYSTEM   ( BSCI )

· 	 平衡 计分卡 实施 问题
· 	 Implementation   issues
· 	 把 整个 组织 日常 工作 和 战略 联系 起来
· 	 Aligning   strategy   and   work   throughout   the   organization
· 	 收集 和 确认 绩效 数据 ， 并 使 其 生效
· 	 Collecting ,   verify   and   validating   performance   data
· 	 把 数据 转化 为 信息
· 	 Transforming   data   into   information
· 	 绩效 信息管理 软件 选择
· 	 Software   options   for   managing   performance   information
· 	 把 计分卡 落实 到 组织 的 每个 角落
· 	 Cascading   the   scorecard   throughout   the   organization
· 	 员工 激励 ， 变革 管理 与 企业 文化
· 	 Employee   motivation ,   change   management   &   culture
· 	 将 战略 与 资源管理 决策
· 	 Linking   strategy   to   resource   management   decisions
· 	 建立 绩效 与 奖励 系统 和 奖励 的 联系
· 	 Linking   performance   to   incentive   systems   &   rewards
· 	 计分卡 宣传 、 培训 和 变革 管理
· 	 Scorecard   roll - out ,   training ,   and   change   management
· 	 利用 绩效 信息 改善 组织 绩效
· 	 Using   performance   information   to   improve   organization   performance

辅导 练习 ： FACILITATED   GROUP   WORK :   如何 实施 组织 的 平衡 计分卡     IMPLEMENTING   YOUR   ORGANIZATION ' S   SCORECARD

第三天
DAY   THREE
模块 五 ： 我们 将 走向 何方 ？ Module   V .   Where   Do   We   Go   From   Here ?
（ 目标 ： 理解 将 平衡 计分卡 与 其他 绩效 管理体系 整合 过程 中 所 面临 的 挑战
如何 克服 这些 困难 ， 成功 实施 平衡 计分卡
Objectives :   Understand   the   challenges   of   integrating   balanced   scorecard   strategic   management   systems   with   other   enterprise - wide   performance   management   systems ;   overcoming   challenges   to   implementation ）

· 	 整合 平衡 计分卡 与 其他 企业 系统 Integrating   the   scorecard   with   other   enterprise   systems
· 	 最佳 实践 ： 作用 因素 、 时间 、 方式 Best   practices   -   what   works ,   when   and   how
· 	 教训 ： 风险 识别 与 控制 、 组织 内部 的 障碍 与 挑战 Lessons   Learned   -   Identifying   and   overcoming   risks ,   obstacles   and   challenges   within   your   organization
模块 六 ： 平衡 计分卡 问题 诊断 Module   VI .     Facilitated   Clinic   and   Workshop
( 目标 ： 帮助 各 小组 应用 培训 信息 ， 解决 疑难问题 ； 根据 学员 兴趣 和 关心 的 问题 ， 展 深入 讨论
Objectives :   Facilitated   group   sessions   to   apply   workshop   training   information ;   problem - solving   clinic ' s ;   sessions   will   be   developed   around   delegates '   interests )

· 	 如何 建立 适合 组织 自身 的 平衡 计分卡 （ 建立 和 实施 平衡 计分卡 现场 辅导 ） Building   your   organization ' s   scorecard   ( facilitated   scorecard   building   and   implementation )
· 	 实施 公司 计分卡 Implementing   the   enterprise   scorecard
· 	 开发 其他 业务 或 支持 单位 的 平衡 计分卡 Developing   scorecards   for   other   business   and   support   units
· 	 特别 话题 Special   Topics !

辅导 练习 FACILITATED   GROUP   WORK :   如何 实施 计分卡   IMPLEMENTING   YOUR   ORGANIZATION ' S   SCORECARD

总结 及 问答 ：   Wrap   up   session   -   Questions   &   Answers

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


培训 报名表 （ 此表 复制 有效 ）

参会 人 姓名 	 性别 	 职务 	 单位 	 电话 	 E - mail 	 备注




银行 转账 ：         开户行 ： 招商银行 万寿路 支行 户     名 ： 北京 中西 智盟 企业 管理 顾问 有限公司 账     号 ： 1382126910001 付款 金额 ：                                                         付款 日期 ：         年           月               日 付款 方式 ：   □ 转帐                   □ 支票               □ 邮局 汇款                 □ 现金             □ 其它
请 将 汇款 凭证 、 培训 报名表 传真 至 010 - 68289665 ， 接到 您 传真 后 ， 我们 会 及时 将 培训 确认函 发送给 您 ， 请 详细 参阅 并 按照 相关 内容 准时 参会 。 联系人 ： 任 先生 / 谷 小姐               联系电话 ： 010 - 68170514 / 0520             传真 ： 010 - 68289665HTTP : / / www . bscchina . com           E - mail :   training @ bscchina . com


