Received: from sina.com ([219.139.20.78])
	by spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn (MIMEDefang) with ESMTP id j8UAVIYl001234
	for <ding@ccert.edu.cn>; Sat, 1 Oct 2005 11:48:39 +0800 (CST)
Message-ID: <0012370670$00425376$76308171@sina.com>
From: =?GB2312?B?bG9uZ21pbmdodWk=?= <pu@sina.com>
To: ding@ccert.edu.cn
Subject: =?gb2312?B?QW4gb3BlbiBsZXR0ZXIgdG8gQW1lcmljYW4gUHJlc2lkZW50IE1yLiBCdXNoICC+tNbCw8C5+tfc
zbOyvMqyz8jJ+rXEuau/qtDF?=
Date: Sat, 1 Oct 2005 11:59:37 +0800
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="----=_NextPart_001_0045_01CB2ED0.DC539D5D"
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106


An           open           letter           to           American         President         Mr .         Bush
敬致 美国 总统 布什 先生 的 公开信   Hello ,   my   respectable   President   Mr .   Bush :
The     fact     that     DuPont     declined     to     fulfill     the   agreement   has   been
presented     to   you   for   several   times   via   president @ whitehouse . gov ;   As   a
result ,     president @ whitehouse . gov     sent     back   three   letters   containing
the     following     same     contents     on     the   behalf   of   Mr .   President   in   Sep
2004 : ” Thank   you   for   e - mailing   President   Bush .   Your   ideas   and   comments
are   very   important   to   him . ”   My   ” ideas   and   comments ”   are   as   follows :
it     is   verified   by   Mr .   Huang   with   adequate   facts   and   irrefutable   legal
evidences     that   DuPont   must   disburse   Mr .   Huang   patent   fee ,   license   fee
or     equivalent     “ Utter     Compensation ”     fee     and   DuPont ’ s   persistent
refusal     to     disburse     these     fees     infringes     upon     the     intellectual
property   rights   of   Mr .   Huang .   president @ whitehouse . gov   mentioned   ” are
very     important     to   him . ”   I   don ’ t   dare   to   unduly   surmise   the   meaning
of     “ very     important ”     to     Mr .     President ;     However ,   according   to   my
humble     opinions ,     there   exits   the   following   “ important ” :   on   the   one
hand ,     respectable     Mr .     President ,   the   American   Government   led   by   Mr .
President     as     well     as     the     great     American   people   bitterly   hate   the
predation   of   the   intellectual   property   rights   of   others   through   brazen
means     such     as     stealing ,     shameless     acts ;     in     contrast ,     DuPont   is
committing     such     brazen     and     shameless   deals ;   on   the   other   hand ,   the
number   of   your   country ’ s   intellectual   property   rights   in   a   variety   of
fields     is     far     in     excess     of     that     of   any   nations   in   the   world   and
suffers     greatly     from   rights   infringement .   Therefore ,   your   government
always     reserves     no     efforts   in   urging   other   nations   to   intensify   the
law     enforcement     strength     to     protect     your     country ’ s   intellectual
property   rights .   However ,   while   your   government   reserves   no   efforts   in
urging     the     Chinese     government     to     intensify     the     law     enforcement
strength     to     protect   your   country ’ s   intellectual   property   rights   and
receives     your     “ more   encouraged ”   praise ( note ) ,   DuPont   is   infringing
the       intellectual     property     rights     of     Mr .     Huang     through     various
extremely     brazen     and   shameless   means ,   which   constitutes   an   extremely
bad     signal     to     the     governments     and     public   of   other   nations   in   the
world ,   a   extremely   “ good ”   model   for   current   and   potential   thieves   of
intellectual     property     rights ,     an   enormous   damage   to   your   government
protection     of     your     country ’ s     intellectual     property   rights ,   and   a
tremendous     humiliation     to   your   country ’ s   lofty   status   in   the   world .
For     the     sake     of     the     glory     of     the     great   American   people   and   the
reputation   of   a   legion   of   American   corporations ,   in   order   to   safeguard
your   country ’ s   lofty   status   in   the   world   and   protect   the   intellectual
property     rights     of     your     country   and   other   nations   in   the   world ,   we
humbly     request     you     and     your     government     to   prevent   DuPont ’ s   such
extremely     brazen     infringement     and   even   seizure   behaviors ,   and   force
DuPont     to     carry     out     it ’ s     voluntarily   promised   obligations   in   the
agreement .     We     firmly     believe   that   the   United   State   is   not   a   country
that     shields     and     connives   at   rascals   and   the   American   government   is
not     a     government     that     shields     and     connives   at   rascals ;   Under   the
instruction       of     our     respectable     Mr .     President     and     the     American
government ,     the     rascal   of   DuPont   shall   be   aware   of   shame   and   be   able
to     turn     into     a   normal   corporation   by   giving   up   shameless   behaviors .
Due   to   the   adequate   evidences ,   the   clear - cut   rights   and   obligations   of
both     parties   of   DuPont   and   Mr .   Huang ,   and   simple   legal   relations ,   the
infringement     of     the     intellectual     property     rights     of   Mr .   Huang   by
DuPont   can   be   absolutely   prevented   and   DuPont   will   surely   disburse   Mr .
Huang   patent   fee ,   license   fee   or   equivalent   “ Utter   Compensation ”   fee
as   long   as   your   government   intensifies   the   law   enforcement   strength   to
protect     intellectual     property     rights     as     well .     With   best   regards !
Authorized     agent :     SXF     2005.09 . 17.23 ： 59   （ note ）   It   was   reported   by
China ’ s     sina     website   on   Sep   14 ,   2005   that   China ’ s   president   Jintao
Hu     met     with     American     president     Bush     in     New     York   on   Sep   13 ,   and
President     Bush     expressed   his   encouragement   by   the   Chinese   government
actions       to       intensify     the     law     enforcement     strength     to     protect
intellectual   property   rights .   Annex :   Heartfelt   thanks   for   your   reading
my     E - mail     and   your   mail   of   attention   to   this   matter .   I   would   like   to
make     some     replenishment     concerning   the   matter ,   for   you   to   judge   and
decide .     I   Abstract   1 .   At   the   request   of   Du   Pont ,   Mr .   Huang   has   for   10
times   submitted   written   technical   materials   to   Du   Pont   from   April   1993
to     1994 ,   for   expert   group   of   Du   Pont   to   conduct   feasibility   analysis .
2 .     On     February     22 ,     1995 ,     Dr     Robert     F   Sklar ,   Technology   Transfer
Licensing     Manager     of     DuPont   arrived   in   Shanghai   in   China ,   to   “ sign
many     agreements ”     with   Mr .   Huang .   Mr .   Huang   insisted   DuPont   examines
samples     first     before     signs     any   agreement .   However ,   as   samples   were
still     in     the   process   of   purification   at   the   time ,   no   agreements   were
signed     then .     3 .   On   March   28 ,   1995 ,   Mr .   Huang   sent   the   first   batch   of
samples     to     Du     Pont     by     post .     4 .     On     September   7 ,   1995 ,   Mr .   Huang
received     “ Biological   Evaluation   Agreement ”   ( 1995   Agreement )   sent   by
Du     Pont ,   requiring   Mr .   Huang   to   sign   this   agreement   and   again   provide
samples .     Mr .     Huang     signed     the     agreement     and   sent   second   batch   of
samples     as     requested     by     DuPont .     DuPont     admit   in   Article   5   of   the
“ 1995   Agreement ”   that   Mr .   Huang   will   be   entitled   to   claim   patent   and
licensing     fees .     DuPont   states   in   Article   8   of   the   “ 1995   Agreement ”
that     Mr .   Huang   may   not   cooperate   with   any   universities   or   enterprises
in     any     form     before     and     after     signing   of   this   agreement   ( for   this
reason ,       Mr .       Huang     has     refused     cooperation     request     of     several
companies ) .     5 .     On     September     10 ,     1998 ,   DuPont   sent   a   letter   to   Mr .
Huang ,     asking     for   third   batch   of   samples .   6 .   In   1999 ,   DuPont   carried
out     a     month - long   insecticide   screening   on   the   third   batch   of   samples
( in   fact ,   it   has   carried   out   weeds   killing   test   and   mould   killing   test
in   the   meantime ) ,   and   required   to   keep   all   these   tests   a   secret .   7 .   On
June     8 ,     2000 ,     DuPont     sent   a   letter   saying   it   was   not   interested   in
samples   provided   by   Mr .   Huang ,   and   refused   to   pay   Mr .   Huang   patent   and
licensing     fees .     8 . The     mail     signed     by     DuPont     on     June   2th ,   2005 ,
threaten       Mr . Huang       , and       prevent       Mr . Huang       send       the       E - mail .
敬致 美国 总统 布什 先生 的 公开信                                 尊敬 的 布什总统 先生 ， 您好 ！
杜邦公司 不 履行 协
议 的 事实 已 多次 通过 president @ whitehouse . gov 向 您 呈述 ； president @ whitehou
se . gov 也 在         2004 年 9 月 代替 总统 先生 发来 下述 三封 内容 相同 的 回信 ： “ Thank
you     for     e - mailing     President     Bush .   Your   ideas   and   comments   are   very
important   to   him . ” 我 的 “ ideas   and
comments ” 是 黄先生 有 充足 的 事实 证据 与 无可辩驳 的 法律依据 证明 ， 杜邦 必须 向
黄先生 支付 专利费 、 许可证费 或 等额 的 “ 完全 赔偿 ” 金 ， 杜邦 一直 拒绝 支付 这些
费用 是 侵犯 黄先生 的 知识产权 。 president @ whitehouse . gov 说 “ are               very
important   to   him . ”   “ very
important ” 对 总统 先生 是 何 含意 ， 我 不敢 妄自 猜测 ； 但 就 愚见 而言 ， 有 下列 “ i
mportant ”   。
1 . 尊敬 的 总统 先生 和 总统 先生 领导 的 美国政府 以及 伟大 的 美国 人民 对 靠 盗窃 、 靠
耍无赖 等 无耻 方法 掠夺 别人 的 知识产权 深恶痛绝 ， 而 杜邦 却 正在 干此 无耻 、 无赖
的 勾当 。
2 . 贵国 在 各种 领域 拥有 的 知识产权 数量 都 远远 超过 世界 任何 一个 国家 ， 深受 侵权
之害 。 因此 ， 历来 的 贵国 政府 都 不遗余力 敦促 世界 其他 国家 加强 保护 贵国 知识 产
权 的 执法 力度 。 但 就 在 贵国 政府 不遗余力 敦促 中国政府 加强 保护 贵国 知识产权 的
执法 力度 并 得到 您 “ 感到 鼓舞 ” 的 赞尝时 （ 注 ） ， 杜邦 却 用 各种 极其 无耻 的 无赖
手段 侵犯
黄先生 的 知识产权 ， 这 对 世界 其他 国家 的 政府 和 公众 将 是 一个 极坏 的 信号 ， 对现
行 和 潜在 的 知识产权 窃贼 将 是 一个 极 “ 好 ” 的 榜样 ， 对 贵国 政府 保护 贵国 知识 产
权 的 工作 是 一个 极大 的 破坏 ， 对 贵国 在世界上 崇高 地位 是 一个 极大 的 耻辱 。
为了 伟大 美国 人民 的 光荣 ， 为了 众多 美国公司 的 声誉 ， 为了 保卫 贵国 在世界上 的
崇高 地位 ， 为了 保护 贵国 和 世
界 其他 国家 知识产权 ， 敬请 您 和 您 的 政府 阻止 杜邦 的 这种 极其 无耻 的 侵犯 甚至 强
我们 坚信 ， 美国 不是 一个 包庇 和 纵容 无赖 的 国家 ， 美国政府 不是 一个 包庇 和 纵容
无赖 的 政府 ； 杜邦 这个 无赖 在
尊敬 的 总统 先生 和 美国政府 的 教育 下 ， 是 会 懂得 羞耻 的 ， 是 能够 改掉 无赖 行为 成
为 一个 正常 的 公司 的 。
由于 事实 证据 充足 ， 杜邦 和 黄先生 双方 的 权利 和 义务 明确 ， 法律 关系 简单 ， 所以
只要 贵国 政府 也 加强 知识产权
保护 的 执法 力度 ， 杜邦公司 对 黄先生 的 知识产权 的 侵犯 是 完全 可以 阻止 的 ， 杜邦
公司 肯定 会 向 黄先生 支付 专利费 、 许可证费 或 等额 的 “ 完全 赔偿 ” 金 的 。     此致
最 崇高 的 敬礼 ！             全责 代理人 ： SXF             2005.09 . 17.23 ： 59             （ 注 ）
中国 sina 网 2005.09 . 14 . 报道 ： “ 9 月 13 日 ， 中国 国家 主席 胡锦涛 在 纽约 同 美国 总
统 布什 举行 会晤 。 ” “ 布什 说 ， 他 对 中方 加强 知识产权 保护 的 执法 力度 感到 鼓舞
。 ”   ( 附件 ）   摘要   1 .
1995 年 2 月 22 日 杜邦 技术转让 与 许可证 纠 鞸 klar 博士   （ E . I . DU   PONT   DE   NEMOURS
AND     COMPANY     Robert     F .     Sklar     Ph .     D .     Manager , Technology     Transfer
Licensing ) 来 中国 上海 ， 要 与 黄先生 “ 签订 许多 协
议 ” 。 黄先生 坚持 要 在 让 杜邦 看 了 样品 后 再 签协
1995 年 3 月 28 日 黄先生 向 杜邦 寄出 了 第壹批 样品 。                                                   4 .
1995 年 9 月 7 日 黄先生 收到 杜邦 寄来 的 《 BIOLOGICAL                                 EVALUATION
议 并 再 提供 样品 。 黄先生 按 杜邦 要求 署 了 此协
议 并 向 杜邦 寄出 了 第 贰 批 样品 。 杜邦 在 《 1995 年协
1998 年 9 月 10 日 杜邦 发信 向 黄先生 要 到 了 第叁 批 样品 。                                             6
1999 年 杜邦 对 第叁 批 样品 进行 一个多月 的 Insecticide
杜邦 签署 信件 ， 对 黄先生 进行 威胁 - 恫吓 ， 阻止 黄先生 发此 E - mail 。

An           open           letter           to           American         President         Mr .         Bush
敬致 美国 总统 布什 先生 的 公开信

Hello ,   my   respectable   President   Mr .   Bush :

The     fact     that     DuPont     declined     to     fulfill     the   agreement   has   been
presented   to   you   for   several   times   via   president @ whitehouse . gov ;   As
a       result ,       president @ whitehouse . gov       sent     back     three     letters
containing     the   following   same   contents   on   the   behalf   of   Mr .   President
in     Sep     2004 : ” Thank   you   for   e - mailing   President   Bush .   Your   ideas   and
comments   are   very   important   to   him . ”   My   ” ideas   and   comments ”   are   as
follows :     it     is     verified     by     Mr .     Huang     with     adequate     facts     and
irrefutable   legal   evidences   that   DuPont   must   disburse   Mr .   Huang   patent
fee ,       license     fee     or     equivalent     “ Utter     Compensation ”     fee     and
DuPont ’ s   persistent   refusal   to   disburse   these   fees   infringes   upon   the
intellectual   property   rights   of   Mr .   Huang .   president @ whitehouse . gov
mentioned     ” are     very     important     to     him . ”     I   don ’ t   dare   to   unduly
surmise     the     meaning   of   “ very   important ”   to   Mr .   President ;   However ,
according       to       my       humble       opinions ,     there     exits     the     following
“ important ” :     on     the     one     hand ,     respectable     Mr .     President ,     the
American   Government   led   by   Mr .   President   as   well   as   the   great   American
people   bitterly   hate   the   predation   of   the   intellectual   property   rights
of     others     through     brazen   means   such   as   stealing ,   shameless   acts ;   in
contrast ,   DuPont   is   committing   such   brazen   and   shameless   deals ;   on   the
other   hand ,   the   number   of   your   country ’ s   intellectual   property   rights
in     a   variety   of   fields   is   far   in   excess   of   that   of   any   nations   in   the
world     and     suffers     greatly   from   rights   infringement .   Therefore ,   your
government     always     reserves     no     efforts     in     urging   other   nations   to
intensify     the     law     enforcement     strength     to   protect   your   country ’ s
intellectual     property   rights .   However ,   while   your   government   reserves
no     efforts     in     urging     the     Chinese     government   to   intensify   the   law
enforcement     strength   to   protect   your   country ’ s   intellectual   property
rights     and     receives   your   “ more   encouraged ”   praise ( note ) ,   DuPont   is
infringing     the     intellectual     property     rights     of     Mr .   Huang   through
various     extremely     brazen     and     shameless   means ,   which   constitutes   an
extremely   bad   signal   to   the   governments   and   public   of   other   nations   in
the     world ,     a     extremely     “ good ”     model     for     current   and   potential
thieves     of     intellectual     property   rights ,   an   enormous   damage   to   your
government   protection   of   your   country ’ s   intellectual   property   rights ,
and     a     tremendous     humiliation   to   your   country ’ s   lofty   status   in   the
world .     For   the   sake   of   the   glory   of   the   great   American   people   and   the
reputation   of   a   legion   of   American   corporations ,   in   order   to   safeguard
your   country ’ s   lofty   status   in   the   world   and   protect   the   intellectual
property     rights     of     your     country   and   other   nations   in   the   world ,   we
humbly     request     you     and     your     government     to   prevent   DuPont ’ s   such
extremely     brazen     infringement     and   even   seizure   behaviors ,   and   force
DuPont     to     carry     out     it ’ s     voluntarily   promised   obligations   in   the
agreement .     We     firmly     believe   that   the   United   State   is   not   a   country
that     shields     and     connives   at   rascals   and   the   American   government   is
not     a     government     that     shields     and     connives   at   rascals ;   Under   the
instruction       of     our     respectable     Mr .     President     and     the     American
government ,     the     rascal   of   DuPont   shall   be   aware   of   shame   and   be   able
to     turn     into     a   normal   corporation   by   giving   up   shameless   behaviors .
Due   to   the   adequate   evidences ,   the   clear - cut   rights   and   obligations   of
both     parties   of   DuPont   and   Mr .   Huang ,   and   simple   legal   relations ,   the
infringement     of     the     intellectual     property     rights     of   Mr .   Huang   by
DuPont   can   be   absolutely   prevented   and   DuPont   will   surely   disburse   Mr .
Huang   patent   fee ,   license   fee   or   equivalent   “ Utter   Compensation ”   fee
as   long   as   your   government   intensifies   the   law   enforcement   strength   to
protect   intellectual   property   rights   as   well .

With   best   regards !
Authorized   agent :   SXF   2005.09 . 17.23 ： 59   （ note ）
It   was   reported   by   China ’ s   sina   website   on   Sep   14 ,   2005   that   China ’ s
president
Jintao   Hu   met   with   American   president   Bush   in   New   York   on   Sep   13 ,   and
President   Bush   expressed   his   encouragement   by   the   Chinese   government
actions       to       intensify     the     law     enforcement     strength     to     protect
intellectual   property
rights .

Annex :

Heartfelt     thanks     for     your     reading     my     E - mail     and     your     mail   of
attention     to     this     matter .     I     would   like   to   make   some   replenishment
concerning   the   matter ,   for   you   to   judge   and   decide .

I   Abstract
1 .   At     the     request     of     Du   Pont ,   Mr .   Huang   has   for   10   times   submitted
written     technical     materials     to   Du   Pont   from   April   1993   to   1994 ,   for
expert   group   of   Du   Pont   to   conduct   feasibility   analysis .
2 .   On     February     22 ,     1995 ,     Dr     Robert     F     Sklar ,   Technology   Transfer
Licensing     Manager     of     DuPont   arrived   in   Shanghai   in   China ,   to   “ sign
many     agreements ”     with   Mr .   Huang .   Mr .   Huang   insisted   DuPont   examines
samples     first     before     signs     any   agreement .   However ,   as   samples   were
still     in     the   process   of   purification   at   the   time ,   no   agreements   were
signed   then .
3 .   On     March   28 ,   1995 ,   Mr .   Huang   sent   the   first   batch   of   samples   to   Du
Pont   by   post .
4 .   On     September     7 ,     1995 ,   Mr .   Huang   received   “ Biological   Evaluation
Agreement ”     ( 1995     Agreement )   sent   by   Du   Pont ,   requiring   Mr .   Huang   to
sign     this     agreement     and   again   provide   samples .   Mr .   Huang   signed   the
agreement   and   sent   second   batch   of   samples   as   requested   by   DuPont .
DuPont     admit     in     Article   5   of   the   “ 1995   Agreement ”   that   Mr .   Huang
will     be   entitled   to   claim   patent   and   licensing   fees .   DuPont   states   in
Article     8     of   the   “ 1995   Agreement ”   that   Mr .   Huang   may   not   cooperate
with     any     universities     or     enterprises     in   any   form   before   and   after
signing     of     this     agreement     ( for     this   reason ,   Mr .   Huang   has   refused
cooperation   request   of   several   companies ) .
5 .   On     September     10 ,     1998 ,   DuPont   sent   a   letter   to   Mr .   Huang ,   asking
for   third   batch   of   samples .
6 .   In     1999 ,     DuPont   carried   out   a   month - long   insecticide   screening   on
the     third   batch   of   samples   ( in   fact ,   it   has   carried   out   weeds   killing
test   and   mould   killing   test   in   the   meantime ) ,   and   required   to   keep   all
these   tests   a   secret .
7 .   On     June   8 ,   2000 ,   DuPont   sent   a   letter   saying   it   was   not   interested
in     samples   provided   by   Mr .   Huang ,   and   refused   to   pay   Mr .   Huang   patent
and   licensing   fees .
8 . The   mail   signed   by   DuPont   on   June   2th ,   2005 ,   threaten     Mr . Huang   , and
prevent   Mr . Huang   send   the
E - mail .


敬致 美国 总统 布什 先生 的 公开信
尊敬 的 布什总统 先生 ， 您好 ！
杜邦公司 不 履行 协
议 的 事实 已 多次 通过 president @ whitehouse . gov 向 您 呈述 ； president @ wh
itehouse . gov 也 在
2004 年 9 月 代替 总统 先生 发来 下述 三封 内容 相同 的 回信 ： “ Thank         you         for
e - mailing     President     Bush .   Your   ideas   and   comments   are   very   important
to   him . ” 我 的 “ ideas   and
comments ” 是 黄先生 有 充足 的 事实 证据 与 无可辩驳 的 法律依据 证明 ， 杜邦 必须 向
黄先生 支付 专利费 、 许可证费 或 等额 的 “ 完全 赔偿 ” 金 ， 杜邦 一直 拒绝 支付 这些
费用 是 侵犯 黄先生 的 知识产权 。 president @ whitehouse . gov 说 “ are         very
important   to   him . ”
“ very
important ” 对 总统 先生 是 何 含意 ， 我 不敢 妄自 猜测 ； 但 就 愚见 而言 ， 有 下列 “ i
mportant ”   。
1 . 尊敬 的 总统 先生 和 总统 先生 领导 的 美国政府 以及 伟大 的 美国 人民 对 靠 盗窃 、 靠
耍无赖 等 无耻 方法 掠夺 别人 的 知识产权 深恶痛绝 ， 而 杜邦 却 正在 干此 无耻 、 无赖
的 勾当 。
2 . 贵国 在 各种 领域 拥有 的 知识产权 数量 都 远远 超过 世界 任何 一个 国家 ， 深受 侵权
之害 。 因此 ， 历来 的 贵国 政府 都 不遗余力 敦促 世界 其他 国家 加强 保护 贵国 知识 产
权 的 执法 力度 。 但 就 在 贵国 政府 不遗余力 敦促 中国政府 加强 保护 贵国 知识产权 的
执法 力度 并 得到 您 “ 感到 鼓舞 ” 的 赞尝时 （ 注 ） ， 杜邦 却 用 各种 极其 无耻 的 无赖
手段 侵犯
黄先生 的 知识产权 ， 这 对 世界 其他 国家 的 政府 和 公众 将 是 一个 极坏 的 信号 ， 对现
行 和 潜在 的 知识产权 窃贼 将 是 一个 极 “ 好 ” 的 榜样 ， 对 贵国 政府 保护 贵国 知识 产
权 的 工作 是 一个 极大 的 破坏 ， 对 贵国 在世界上 崇高 地位 是 一个 极大 的 耻辱 。
为了 伟大 美国 人民 的 光荣 ， 为了 众多 美国公司 的 声誉 ， 为了 保卫 贵国 在世界上 的
崇高 地位 ， 为了 保护 贵国 和 世
界 其他 国家 知识产权 ， 敬请 您 和 您 的 政府 阻止 杜邦 的 这种 极其 无耻 的 侵犯 甚至 强
中 主动 承诺 的 义务 。

我们 坚信 ， 美国 不是 一个 包庇 和 纵容 无赖 的 国家 ， 美国政府 不是 一个 包庇 和 纵容
无赖 的 政府 ； 杜邦 这个 无赖 在
尊敬 的 总统 先生 和 美国政府 的 教育 下 ， 是 会 懂得 羞耻 的 ， 是 能够 改掉 无赖 行为 成
为 一个 正常 的 公司 的 。
由于 事实 证据 充足 ， 杜邦 和 黄先生 双方 的 权利 和 义务 明确 ， 法律 关系 简单 ， 所以
只要 贵国 政府 也 加强 知识产权
保护 的 执法 力度 ， 杜邦公司 对 黄先生 的 知识产权 的 侵犯 是 完全 可以 阻止 的 ， 杜邦
公司 肯定 会 向 黄先生 支付 专利费 、 许可证费 或 等额 的 “ 完全 赔偿 ” 金 的 。

此致
最 崇高 的 敬礼 ！
全责 代理人 ： SXF       2005.09 . 17.23 ： 59

（ 注 ）
中国 sina 网 2005.09 . 14 . 报道 ： “ 9 月 13 日 ， 中国 国家 主席 胡锦涛 在 纽约 同 美国 总
统 布什 举行 会晤 。 ” “ 布什 说 ， 他 对 中方 加强 知识产权 保护 的 执法 力度 感到 鼓舞
。 ”

( 附件 ）

摘要
1 .
可行性 分析 。
2 .     1995 年 2 月 22 日 杜邦 技术转让 与 许可证 纠 鞸 klar 博士     （ E . I . DU   PONT   DE
NEMOURS   AND   COMPANY   Robert
F .   Sklar   Ph .   D .   Manager , Technology   Transfer
Licensing ) 来 中国 上海 ， 要 与 黄先生 “ 签订 许多 协
议 ” 。 黄先生 坚持 要 在 让 杜邦 看 了 样品 后 再 签协
3   1995 年 3 月 28 日 黄先生 向 杜邦 寄出 了 第壹批 样品 。
4 .         1995 年 9 月 7 日 黄先生 收到 杜邦 寄来 的 《 BIOLOGICAL         EVALUATION
议 并 再 提供 样品 。 黄先生 按 杜邦 要求 署 了 此协
议 并 向 杜邦 寄出 了 第 贰 批 样品 。 杜邦 在 《 1995 年协
5 .   1998 年 9 月 10 日 杜邦 发信 向 黄先生 要 到 了 第叁 批 样品 。
6                     1999 年 杜邦 对 第叁 批 样品 进行 一个多月 的 Insecticide
7 .
杜邦 签署 信件 ， 对 黄先生 进行 威胁 - 恫吓 ， 阻止 黄先生 发此 E - mail 。



